feat: learn english block 6.2 (#52539)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/21-a2-english-for-developers/learn-how-to-share-your-progress-in-weekly-stand-up-meetings/6579d58e434920ef874f2502.md

---
id: 6579d58e434920ef874f2502
title: Task 18
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-18
audioPath: curriculum/js-music-player/We-Are-Going-to-Make-it.mp3
---

# --description--

> `Not at all` is a simple phrase in English used to say `no` in a strong way or to answer `thank you`. When someone says `thank you`, you can say `not at all` to tell them it was easy or no problem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Not at all` is a simple phrase in English used to say `no` in a strong way or to answer `thank you`. When someone says `thank you`, you can say `not at all` to indicate that it was easy or no problem.
```

# --question--

## --text--

What does 'Not at all' mean in simple conversations?

## --answers--

`Yes, I agree`

### --feedback--

> 'Not at all' is used for saying 'no' or 'it was no problem,' not for agreeing.

Author: Again, quotes seem necessary.

---

`No problem or a strong no`

---

`I don't understand`

### --feedback--

> 'Not at all' doesn't mean confusion. It means 'no problem' or just 'no.'

Author: We need quotes around 'no problem' and 'no', don't we? Otherwise the English doesn't make a lot of sense.
